Patch/fix spacing in offer pdf (#677)
qbicsoftware/offer-manager-2-portlet: CHANGELOG.rst

**Added**

> * Increase Space allocated for product description in Offer PDF (`#675 <https://github.com/qbicsoftware/offer-manager-2-portlet/issues/675>`_)
> 
> * Allocate space for each productItem dependent on number of characters in each property (`#675 <https://github.com/qbicsoftware/offer-manager-2-portlet/issues/675>`_)
> 

Reviewer: Since this is one issue and one PR that solves it it should be one point in the CL (NIT)

```suggestion
* Increase space allocated for product description in Offer PDF based on the number of characters (`#675 <https://github.com/qbicsoftware/offer-manager-2-portlet/issues/675>`_)

```
